[docs] Add docs for `type: deploy` outputs (#40925)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/workflows/pre-packaged-jobs.mdx

| alias     | string  | Optional. The [alias](/eas/hosting/deployments-and-aliases/#aliases) to deploy to. |
| prod      | boolean | Optional. Whether to deploy to production.                                         |

#### Outputs

You can reference the following outputs in subsequent jobs:

| Output                 | Type   | Description                                                                                                                                     |
| ---------------------- | ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | deploy_json            | string | JSON object containing the deployment details. (Output of `npx eas-cli deploy --json`.)                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| deploy_json            | string | JSON object containing the deployment details (output of `npx eas-cli deploy --json`).                                                        |
```

| deploy_url             | string | URL to the deployment. It uses production URL if this was a production deployment, otherwise it uses the first alias URL or the deployment URL. |

> | deploy_first_alias_url | string | URL of the first alias of the deployment (e.g. `https://account-project--alias.expo.app`).                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| deploy_first_alias_url | string | URL of the first alias of the deployment (for example, `https://account-project--alias.expo.app`).                                                      |
```
